1.Write a query which displays the module code and the duration for modules whose duration is less than 6.
select modulecode, duration from MODULES where duration < 6;

2.Write a query which will display the BATCHCODE, TRAINERID, COURSECODE, STARTDATE, CAPACITY 
and BATCHSTRENGTH of the batches handled by the trainer KRISHNAN.

select B.BATCHCODE, B.TRAINERID, B.COURSECODE, B.STARTDATE, B.CAPACITY, B.BATCHSTRENGTH from batches B where B.trainerid = ( select trainerid from trainers where trainername='KRISHNAN'); 

3.Write a query which displays all the module names of the course code 100.
select modulename from modules inner join courseandmodules on modules.modulecode = courseandmodules.modulecode where courseandmodules.coursecode=100;	 

4.Write a query which displays the module names and course code for the course code 100.

select modulename,courseandmodules.coursecode from modules inner join courseandmodules on modules.modulecode = courseandmodules.modulecode where courseandmodules.coursecode=100;


5."Write a query which will display the number of modules present in the course code 100. 
<br/>
Hint: display module name count with alias""NumberofModules"""
select count(*) as NumberOfModules from courseandmodules where coursecode=100;


6."Write a query which will display all the course code and the number of modules present 
in that particular course.
Hint: display module name count with alias""NumberofModules"""

select coursecode,count(*) as NumberOfModules from courseandmodules group by coursecode;


7.Write a query which will display the course title and fees which has the maximum fees.
select title,fees from courses where fees = ( select max(fees) from courses);


8.Write a query which will display the student id, student name, batch code, place and 
phone number of the students who belongs to Batch '3001'.

select studentid, studentname, batchcode, place, phone from students where batchcode=3001;


9.Write a Query which will display the student ID, Student name, Batch code, place and phone number who are from CHENNAI.

select studentid, studentname, batchcode, place, phone from students where place='CHENNAI';



10.Write a query which displays the total number of modules which has less than 6 days duration. 
<BR>Hint: display total number of modules with'LESSTHANSIXDAYS' as alias.
select count(*) as LESSTHANSIXDAYS from modules where duration < 6;


11.Write a query to display the batch code, course title, start date of the batches for the month of May and year 2012.
select B.batchcode, C.title, B.startdate from batches B, courses C where C.coursecode=B.coursecode and 
(date_part('month',B.startdate) =5) and (date_part('year',B.startdate) =2012);

12.Write a query to display courses code, course title, course fees of the courses for which 
no batches/training has been planned in the month of January and year 2012.
select C.coursecode, C.title, C.fees from courses C,batches B where C.coursecode=B.coursecode and 
(date_part('month',B.startdate) !=1) and (date_part('year',B.startdate) !=2012);

13.Write a query which displays the names of all the modules of the course titled 'Oracle DBA'
select modulename from modules 
inner join courseandmodules on courseandmodules.modulecode = modules.modulecode 
inner join courses on courseandmodules.coursecode = courses.coursecode where courses.title = 'Oracle DBA' ;


14.Write a Query which displays the student ID, Student name, Batch code, place and phone number 
of the student's who took training from CHENNAI in the year 2012.
select studentid, studentname, batchcode,place, phone from students where place='CHENNAI' and batchcode in ( select batchcode from batches where date_part('year',startdate)=2012 );

15.Write a query which will display the student id, student names who are enrolled for the course code 200?
select studentid, studentname from students where batchcode in ( select batchcode from batches where coursecode = 200);
